# LeetCode-Daily-Challenge

## Day 1 : 2134. Minimum Swaps to Group All 1's Together II
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-swaps-to-group-all-1s-together-ii/

## Day 2 : 2678. Number of Senior Citizens
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-senior-citizens/

## Day 3: 1460. Make Two Arrays Equal by Reversing Subarrays
https://leetcode.com/problems/make-two-arrays-equal-by-reversing-subarrays/

## Day 4: 719. Find K-th Smallest Pair Distance
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-k-th-smallest-pair-distance/

## Day 5: 860. Lemonade Change
https://leetcode.com/problems/lemonade-change/

## Day 6: 624. Maximum Distance in Arrays
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-distance-in-arrays/

## Day 7: 1937. Maximum Number of Points with Cost
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-points-with-cost/

## Day 8: 264. Ugly Number II
https://leetcode.com/problems/ugly-number-ii/

## Day 9: 650. 2 Keys Keyboard
https://leetcode.com/problems/2-keys-keyboard/

## Day 10: 1140. Stone Game II
https://leetcode.com/problems/stone-game-ii

## Day 11: 664. Strange Printer
https://leetcode.com/problems/strange-printer/

## Day 12: 476. Number Complement
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-complement/

## Day 13: 592. Fraction Addition and Subtraction
https://leetcode.com/problems/fraction-addition-and-subtraction/

## Day 14: 564. Find the Closest Palindrome
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-closest-palindrome/

## Day 15 : 145. Binary Tree Postorder Traversal
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-postorder-traversal/

## Day 16: 590. N-ary Tree Postorder Traversal
https://leetcode.com/problems/n-ary-tree-postorder-traversal/

## Day 17: 1514. Path with Maximum Probability
https://leetcode.com/problems/path-with-maximum-probability/

## Day 18: 1905. Count Sub Islands
https://leetcode.com/problems/count-sub-islands/

## Day 19: 947. Most Stones Removed with Same Row or Column
https://leetcode.com/problems/most-stones-removed-with-same-row-or-column/

## Day 20: 2699. Modify Graph Edge Weights
https://leetcode.com/problems/modify-graph-edge-weights/

## Day 21: 1514. Path with Maximum Probability
https://leetcode.com/problems/path-with-maximum-probability/
